# WEBSITE FOR SUBMISSION OF PH.D. THESIS BY SCHOLARS OF KAKATIYA UNIVERSITY
## About The Project
Managing and coordinating thesis processes could be a tedious task. Scholars, supervisors, panels and administration must be coordinated properly for document and requirement submissions, defense scheduling up to different related activities concerning the needs like paying the fee at the university office, collecting the receipt that must be submitted to the university authorities along with all the other documents like memos, admission orders, etc. Even after submission, applications have to be verified by several departments in the university. Physically applications are transported from one department to another. This is a draggy process of verification, there is a most probable chance of applications getting lost, damaged, etc. This leads to the resubmission of documents and thesis which is again a complicated process. Our project provides an effective method for scholars to utilize the online facilities.

The growing significance of websites for various organizations is well known. The university authorities had the feeling of maintaining a comprehensive website for the submission and evaluation of the Ph.D. thesis. This project is based on the development of a fully functional website to facilitate the submission and verification of applications, submitted by scholars in online mode.

### Built With
- Html
- Css
- Python
- JavaScript
- Django
- Sqlite3
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Install python](https://www.python.org) in your system

- Install Django
    
        pip install django
   
- Install the requirements
     
        pip install -r requirements.txt
    

## Usage
### For Scholars :
- Scholar visits the site.
- If already registered, press 'login' else press on 'signup' to register.
- Scholar will be directed to the instructions page.
- Note down the bank details to which he/she needs to pay the fee.
- Read and accept all the given terms and instructions.
- Scholar will be directed to the application form, provides the requested information along with documents and submit.
- A response form will be generated showing the information provided by them.
- Scholar validates the given information and can edit by going back using "Back" button.
- After submission a success page is displayed to demonstrate the succesful submission of their application.
- Scholar can check status of their application by logging into their account.
- On Successful verification, A certificate can be generated by clicking on 'Generate Certificate'.
- If the application is rejected, reason is specified and fill new application form.

## Officers Login
- All the below officers Login through this [link](http://kuservices.in/paylogin) or click on Officer's login button in Home Page.
#### Plagairism Officer:
- Verifies the thesis and synopsis, issues plagairism certificate on succesful verification and uploads the certificate.
- Specifies reason if rejected.
#### Payment Officer:
- Verifies the payment receipts and upi id, approve payment details by clicking on 'approve' button.
- Specifies reason if rejected.
#### Verification Officer:
- Verifies all the details and documents submitted by scholar and approve by clicking on 'approve' button.
- Specifies reason if rejected.
## Administrative Officer's Login
- All the below officers Login through this [link](http://kuservices.in/bcvdlogin) or click on Administrative Officer's login button in Home Page.
- Before submission, all the documents have to be signed by uploading the signature 
#### Board of Studies Login:
- After logging in, Click on "BOS Fill" and fill the Panel of Adjuticators form.
- All the rejected applications can be viewed by clicking on "Rejected" button.
- The user can be logged out by clicking on 'logout' button. 
#### Asst. Controller of Examination:
- After logging in, by clicking on 'BOS Panel Print', All the panel forms filled by BOS appear. Print button can be used to print or save a copy. 
- In Note 1, saved BOS Panel form is uploaded and submit.
- In Note 2, Requested documents and information is uploaded and submit.
- In Note 3, 
#### Controller of Examination:
- In Note 1,2,3 view the shortlisted panel of adjudicators and sign the panel form by uploading the signature and submit.
#### Vice Chancellor:
- In Note 1, Select 3 Adjudicators from the panel, and submit.
- In Note 2, select 1 Adjudicator from the panel and mode of viva voce i.e. online/offline and submit. 
- In Note 3, view and sign the viva file and submit.
